Improve documentation for review and merge processes (#11800)
crystal-lang/crystal: CONTRIBUTING.md

5. Any change affecting the compiler or performance-critical features in the standard library
   should be checked with benchmarks how it affects performance.

### Reviews

Reviews are conducted by community members to validate a contribution and ensure quality standards are met.
Approvals from Core Team members are required for accepting a pull requests. Other community members are encouraged to do reviews as well. Leave suggestions for improvements or approve a change when it looks good to you.

1. Make sure the [formal minimum requirements](#minimum-requirements) are met, for the change itself and the PR. Cross check with the referenced issue(s).
2. Check if CI is successful. If not, try to figure out what's wrong and add a comment about it. If a failure seems unrelated, maintainers can try to rerun the job.
3. Leave inline comments when you want to request changes or ask for clarification. Suggestions are often understood as requirements, so make it clear if a proposal is optional or you're just asking for feedback.

### Accepting a Pull Request

> Check list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process of accepting a pull request entails the following check list:
```

> 1. At least two approvals by Core Team members; one approval if the author is a Core Team member. Only approvals based on the most recent code version count (ignoring minor changes like fixing a typo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. At least two approvals by Core Team members; one approval if the author is a Core Team member theyself. Only approvals based on the most recent code version count (ignoring minor changes like fixing a typo).
```

Author: I don't think `theyself` is an actual word. Maybe `themself` could work.
But IMO the sentence is clear without it.

2. There are no outstanding questions nor requested changes in the pull request and associated issues.
3. Title and description appropriately represent the final state of the change.
4. Proper labels are applied (usually at least a `topic:` and `kind:` label).
5. Change is based on a fairly recent commit of the `master` branch. When in doubt, merge `master` and wait for CI.
6. CI is green.

When these conditions are met, a Core Team member can mark the pull request as accepted by adding it to the current development milestone.

> This signals it is scheduled to be merged soon and gives another chance for final reviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This signals that the PR is scheduled to be merged soon and gives another chance for final reviews.
```

> The current development milestone is typically the milestone for the next release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current [development milestone](https://github.com/crystal-lang/crystal/milestones) is typically the milestone for the next release.
```

> During the freeze period for the next release, feature enhancements are added to the release milestone after the next.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the freeze period of a release, feature enhancements are added to the milestone of the next release.
```

Freeze periods are announced on the community forums and usually span two weeks before the scheduled date of a minor release.

### Merge Queue

The current [development milestone](https://github.com/crystal-lang/crystal/milestones) serves as a merge queue. Open pull requests on that milestone
are eligible for being merged.

Pending pull requests should usually stay in the queue for at least one full business day, allowing other reviewers to take a final look at it.
This wait time can be extended, for example for big changes or when there was a lot of recent activity in the discussion.

> Urgent bug fixes can skip the line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Urgent bug and regression fixes can skip the line.
```

> If reasonable objection or questsions arise while waiting for merge, the pull request must be removed from the milestone until they are resolved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If reasonable objection or questions arise while waiting for merge, the pull request must be removed from the milestone until they are resolved.
```

It's good practice to have a single maintainer responsible for operating the merge queue.

### Merging

> Make sure, the pull request has been on the merge queue for some time (usually 1+ business days) and there has not been any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before merging, make sure the pull request has been on the merge queue for some time (usually 1+ business days) and there has not been any
```

more recent discussion that questions the current state of the change.

> 
> Now, the pull request can finally be merged. Use squash merge to not pollute the version history of the main branch with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If conditions are met, the pull request can finally be merged. Use squash merge to not pollute the version history of the main branch with
```

details of the pull request process. For non-trivial changes, the merge commit should contain a short description.

### For maintainers with push access

1. Do not directly commit to the `master` branch. Always create a feature branch and pull request.
2. Feature branches should typically be created in your fork. The main repo should only contain essential branches.
   * CI changes affecting circle CI only run for branches on the main repo. They should be prefixed `ci/` to trigger a maintenance release.

>    * Long-running feature branches that accept contributions must be pushed to the main repo in order to allow PRs targeting that branch.

Reviewer 2: Mixing ordered and unordered lists, also indentation is redundant here.

Author: Indentation is on purpose. These are sub-items of 2.

Reviewer 3: FWIW @Sija exactly represented what a stock Markdown parser sees 😂 - the 3 spaces aren't enough to mean anything (say, if this was MkDocs)

Author: In GFM it's a sub list: https://github.com/straight-shoota/crystal/blob/feature/contrib-merge-process/CONTRIBUTING.md#for-maintainers-with-push-access

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't they be indented with 2 spaces?

Author: No, the indent must be the same as the indent of the parent item, which in this case is 3 (`2. `).
